>> Kent C. Dodds: Okey-dokey, so
that was a fun exercise, right?
So let's go ahead and we'll re-factor
from render into documents.
So that we can actually click on
the button and get that submit to happen.
So this isn't necessarily any
better than what we had before.
But I think most users are gonna
be clicking on the button, and so
that's kinda why I wanna test it that way.
So I'm gonna call this
render into documents.
And then we'll just do the same thing.
Render into documents, very, very small.
API on top of render and
all that it does in addition is append
to the container to the document body.
And with that, it allows us to take
that submit button node and click on it.
That's just a regular dom API and
then we can get rid of this cuz if it
actually doesn't submit,
then we know that its type is submit.
Or at least it works.
It doesn't matter that the type is submit,
just the fact that it works
is good enough for us.
And our tests are still passing,
especially because we're
not running the right ones.
So let's run [LAUGH] the right ones.
Login.step-3.todo, okay, good.
Now are tests are still passing.
Let's make sure that they can fail,
just to be totally sure that
we're running the right ones.
Cool, this means we don't need
the container any more, but
here's a little bit of a problem.
At the end,
we console.log document.body.innerHTML.
And we'll see that it has our form in it,
and
there's nothing in there cleaning it up.
So if we had another test,
and we put this in there,
the document body is still messed up,
right?
So there are a couple of
ways we can deal with this.
We could pull the unmount utility
out here, and then call a mount.
And that'll pull it out, so now it
actually unmounted the component but
it didn't actually remove the container.
So unmount doesn't do
anything about the container.
It just makes the component
itself unmount.
So if we really wanna clean everything up,
we could do document.body.enterHTML
equals empty strain.
And then we fix everything up.
Or we could just have a testing
library that is really useful and
we have it after each cleanup.
We'll pull that cleanup from
the react-testing library.
Then that cleans everything up for
us nice.
So if you're going to use render into
document which is a handy method,
then it's pretty recommended that you
also have this after each here too.
One other thing about this is sometimes
a click event isn't enough or
the click method isn't enough, and
you want to simulate a mouse over or
something like that.
Or sorry, you don't wanna simulate it.
You wanna fire an actual event,
then you can pull in fireEvent.
And this will do that new
window.event here's the type.
And it has a similar API to simulate.
And so we could do fireEvent.click.
We're gonna fire that event
on the submit button node.
So that's another way that we
could go about doing that.